pio-access: add page (#5518)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/pio-access.md

# pio access

> Set the access level on published resources (packages) in the registry.

> > More information: <https://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/core/userguide/access/index.html>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/core/userguide/access/>.
```

> - Grant access to a resource for a specific user:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Grant a user access to a resource:
```

`pio access grant {{guest|maintainer|admin}} {{username}} {{resource_urn}}`

> - Remove access to a resource for a specific user:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove a user's access to a resource:
```

`pio access revoke {{username}} {{resource_urn}}`

> - Show all resources a user or team can access, along with the access level:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show all resources that a user or team has access to and the access level:
```

`pio access list {{username}}`

> - Set a resource to be privately accessible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restrict access to a resource to specific users or team members:
```

`pio access private {{resource_urn}}`

> - Set a resource to be publicly accessible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow all users access to a resource:
```
